= isms_http

isms_http provides an easy way to query for messages in a MultiTech iSMS modem,
as well as providing a way to send messages through the iSMS system.  The iSMS
HTTP API is not RESTful and can be a bit weird here and there, which this
library is designed to smooth over.

The full HTTP API documentation provided by MultiTech can be found here:

http://www.multitech.net/developer/

== License

Apache 2.0.

== Prerequisites

httparty 0.8.0 must be installed.

== Usage

Let's say we want to send a message and query it's status immediately after
sending it:

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'isms_http'

  isms = ISMS::HTTP.new("http://isms.example.com:81", "user", "password")
  response = isms.send_message("8002324000", "hi thar\nit's me")

  # response is now an array with a bunch of ID's from the iSMS device.

  response.each do |item|
    puts isms.query_message_status(item).inspect
  end

== TODO

- Haven't yet implemented a wrapper around the Receive API.

== Contributing to isms_http
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Christian Paredes. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

